More secure use case (#204)
oauth-wg/oauth-v2-1: draft-ietf-oauth-v2-1.md

   the end-user's password and all of the data protected by that
   password.

> With OAuth, an end user (resource owner) can grant a financial management 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example where OAuth is used is where an end user (resource owner) grants a financial management 
```

service (client) access to their sensitive transaction history stored at 

> a banking service (resource server), without sharing their username and 

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest using _credentials_ instead of `username and password` in this sentence.

The reason is credentials also cover things such as API keys.

Author: This is an example, and so we are specific with username and password. 

There are many, many kinds of credentials. Access tokens and refresh tokens are credentials. A broader term muddies understanding the eample.

Reviewer 2: Got it.

password with the financial management service. Instead, they authenticate 

> directly with a server trusted by the banking service (authorization server), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directly with their financial institution's server (authorization server), 
```
